update README about how to download files (#54)
GenomicDataInfrastructure/starter-kit-storage-and-interfaces: README.md

### Download a specific file

The `sda-download` service offers multiple methods for downloading files through the API, with options for both encrypted and unencrypted results. Below, you will find an example illustrating each of these methods.

> First,  obtain the `fileID` and `filename` using the following command. The `datasetID`, which is `DATASET0001`, can be obtained by following the instructions at [List datasets](#list-datasets)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download the file `htsnexus_test_NA12878.bam`, first obtain the respective `fileID`  using the following command. The `datasetID`, which is `DATASET0001`, can be obtained by following the instructions at [List datasets](#list-datasets)
```

```bash

> fileID=$(curl -s -H "Authorization: Bearer $token" "http://localhost:8443/metadata/datasets/$datasetID/files" | jq -r '.[1].fileId')
> filename=$(curl -s -H "Authorization: Bearer $token" "http://localhost:8443/metadata/datasets/$datasetID/files" | jq -r --arg fileID "$fileID" '.[] | select(.fileId == $fileID) | .displayFileName | rtrimstr(".c4gh")')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
filename="htsnexus_test_NA12878.bam"
fileID=$(curl -s -H "Authorization: Bearer $token" "http://localhost:8443/metadata/datasets/$datasetID/files" | jq -r --arg filename "$filename".c4gh '.[] | select(.displayFileName==$filename) | .fileId')
```
This makes more sense since we'd like to download a specific file.

Author: Good suggestion @aaperis , I have modified accordingly in the commit fcafafb
